Add WebXR Hit Test reference docs - pt2 (#8090)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/xrhittestsource/index.md

---
title: XRHitTestSource
slug: Web/API/XRHitTestSource
tags:
  - API
  - Interface
  - Reference
  - WebXR
  - XR
  - AR
  - VR
browser-compat: api.XRHitTestSource
---
{{APIRef("WebXR Device API")}} {{secureContext_header}}

> The **`XRHitTestSource`** interface of the [WebXR Device API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebXR_Device_API) handles hit test subscriptions. You can get an `XRHitTestSource` object by using the {{domxref("XRSession.requestHitTestSource()")}} method.

Reviewer: I've seen some use of links like {{domxref("WebXR_Device_API")}}. I'm not sure if it actually works.

Author: Leaning towards leaving it as a markdown link (we're not sure if kumascript macros like these should survive in markdown in the long-term)

> This object doesn't itself contain hit test results, but it is used to compute hit tests for each {{domxref("XRFrame")}} using {{domxref("XRFrame.getHitTestResults()")}} method which returns {{domxref("XRHitTestResult")}} objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This object doesn't itself contain hit test results, but it is used to compute hit tests for each {{domxref("XRFrame")}} by calling {{domxref("XRFrame.getHitTestResults()")}}, which returns {{domxref("XRHitTestResult")}} objects.
```

## Properties

None.

## Methods

- {{domxref("XRHitTestSource.cancel()")}}
  - : Unsubscribes from the hit test.

## Examples

### Getting an `XRHitTestSource` object for a session

> Use the {{domxref("XRSession.requestHitTestSource()")}} method to get a hit test source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call {{domxref("XRSession.requestHitTestSource()")}} to get a hit test source.
```

```js
const xrSession = navigator.xr.requestSession("immersive-ar", {
   requiredFeatures: ["local", "hit-test"]
});

let hitTestSource = null;

xrSession.requestHitTestSource({
  space : viewerSpace, // obtained from xrSession.requestReferenceSpace("viewer");
  offsetRay : new XRRay({y: 0.5})
}).then((viewerHitTestSource) => {
  hitTestSource = viewerHitTestSource;
});

// frame loop
function onXRFrame(time, xrFrame) {
  let hitTestResults = xrFrame.getHitTestResults(hitTestSource);

  // do things with the hit test results
}
```

### Unsubscribe from hit test

> To unsubscribe from a hit test source, use the {{domxref("XRHitTestSource.cancel()")}} method. Since the object will no longer be usable, you can clean up and set the `XRHitTestSource` object to {{jsxref("null")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To unsubscribe from a hit test source, call {{domxref("XRHitTestSource.cancel()")}}. Since the object will no longer be usable, you can clean up and set the `XRHitTestSource` object to {{jsxref("null")}}.
```

Reviewer: Here's my reasoning, in case you think I'm substituting my preferences for yours.

This applies two best practices of writing. 
* Use definite, specific concrete language (hence the new verb)
* Omit needless words. 'Method' is unneeded because it's stated at the top of the page, but implied by the verb and the context, and made concrete by '()' on the method name.

Author: Thanks for elaborating this! Super helpful to me
